[Music]
What's up kids, well this video
is
really fun, we're going to talk about
a lot of things here, and it's like, oh
my goodness, how the chair creaks and you guys
are watching us, but what does it include on the
chair, everything creaks here, look, I've
done what's missing on the 6th, it
's also the microphone, okay Perez, right
now I'm going to change studios and I don't
plan on changing anything at all, in
this studio, I have two days left and
everything is going to be the premiere in the
new studio, no, but I want to tell you this
incredible news, the title in the clip,
go and let's listen to the audio that he
sends and go to Chocos after the
Squid Game tournament, okay, it's not
clean pay at all, but I'm going to talk about other
things and well, if we're interested in what I'm
going to talk about, then you'll surely have
Montgó about the minutes in the
comments box, it's a joke, without gates, okay,
absolutely nothing is happening, God,
this tic toc had been analyzed but it's very strong,
okay, it's a tick tock against me and
Isabel was very strong
1,300,000 had been receiving a for days  a
ton of insults
in the genes of instagram in the
twitter media in the responses to
the tweets of all the twitterers put
absolutely tweets that have to do
with the gossip of the heart in things because of
the success of the squid game and
people half of your father the chocas son
of a [ __ ] the choca has more numbers than
you I don't know if you flip out I say it well I don't
know it will be because of the video the other day it didn't work
but I don't know it's just that it was a good vibe I
mean when I found chocas in the
game it was a good vibe house luck
guy strong in many ways I don't know what
you know the grace the spectacle that we
were there no but come on I
find out that because of this
verified edict from twitter 1 because you are
nobody
in two months
and they start here to compare the numbers
not as if things were going badly for me that I
wish things were like the choque is not
incredible the numbers that choca has
I am happy from the heart I say it I
have nothing against him choca okay
this video that you just saw you can
see it on the main channel and this video
was a cross  of the live shows we had, the
choca and I in which precisely the one who was
disrespectful wasn't me okay I
answered him
giving him a little review of humility
basically to a couple of things that he had
done that were totally in my
opinion criticizable okay for me he is a very
good content creator he works
very hard and he is a person who
fights who doesn't give up okay but he has a
little bit in the way that I'm not
convinced no then I made
a reaction to a video in which he is not
disrespectful he insulted me and I
made that video but well today it does
not represent me what I'm saying
in this video is in reference to what we
were discussing but today
but I have nothing against him
or problems with him growing up
look what I want for a family and this the
people that my children know what I
want is for chocas to have the media not that
I have half a million and that
chocas have 7 million on Twitter okay and
regarding the rest of the networks the same as it
has a million no no no I don't want it I
want you to have seven million seven
million okay and that I  I have a video I
want you to know that we are creating
content on the internet okay thank you very much
because you can compare each
number of the social network but as if I
were doing badly, which obviously I am not doing
as bestially as him but let's
not have to give a quina
Gerald calm down I can live
this very calmly but what I
want family is that
everyone who is working
creating content not only
grows
I want what is here tick
tock well text is a little average but
the people who are creating content
on YouTube and others to grow we are going to a
level that surpasses television that the
YouTubers the peak that had the crash of
one billion 200 thousand viewers I don't
want that to be a one time thing I
want that to be normal the normal thing
is in YouTube programs and in
tweet programs of course not on whatever
platform no but that it is
not on the known channels that is that
the audience is worth right now in tweets let's
see what he does crash euros and that is
an unthinkable thing for people it
is crazy but right now a
person who has five thousand ten  a thousand
viewers in tweets is pretty big
no well I want the normal to be 300
thousand 500 thousand and that will be possible as
people move from
traditional media to what are the
new media no internet youtube slow tweets
that I have nothing personal against
this man let's go far from it in
fact when we met
we had a steak and I was in a good and
vengeful mood strong luck and everything cool
don't [ __ ] with me
on tv
by the way to
name a few
[Music]
and how am I going to win in the next one we have
the profile
you are lasting too long
one night more or more because he has
taken care of it because he takes care of what they have
ruined
thanks
Valencia okay it was very lucky okay
[Music] I mean
no kind of bad vibes I really
say it on my salcé channels or my
channel it deals with controversy there will be times when I
have a steak and I with one and with the other
but it really is not personal look I'm
going to put this click that he has put in
authors in his video that I think
will perfectly represent this
situation no and also since they are
followers of Clash, those who come to
threaten me  that they want to hit me that they
want me to die and that they want to
hang me and so on no well look I'm putting
szczeklik
today this is nothing personal in another
part of the drama it's part of it and there's no
problem I'm sorry that they
insulted you and all but well this
is inevitable when there are so many people
people are completely idiots and don't
understand that this is a [ __ ] show and that
this is a
spectacle
nothing happens I know perfectly well don't
worry of course because you're a guy
who lives off the internet
and then knows what's on the internet there
are 3% 4% of you people who are
complete idiots and who are
here right now
that you are part of toxic funds of [ __ ]
[ __ ] that you see you are
[ __ ] but you have no criteria you
only dedicate yourself to dosing
any place you go you mess with
the people that
you like because you are [ __ ] literally I mean no there is no defined way then well he understands it and he knows it okay okay guys come on relax a little and toxicity out bad vibes out let's have the party in  in vain
listen to me with my family in the end that
base thing more talking about what has happened
through the tic tac this one that had been followed
follow me on instagram follow me
on youtube and follow less although well
most of you who are on this channel will
surely do it but well there are
those who I don't know made sure to follow me
everywhere and well let's
finally listen to this audio that I found out about through
Comanche's tweet the audio of and wow
chocas is the best in the world we all
need a friend like ibai
[Music]
of all the [ __ ] as you deserve it son
of the now entity
[Music]
one point
1 title I
love you very much
a hug take care
back the brutal brutal that audio where it is
perfectly demonstrated that iba there it comes
out gra really for the achievement of
others okay it is shown perfectly
let's listen to it it seems to me a
wonderful and precious audio from one friend to
another
[Music] he
said everything like a big [ __ ] as you
deserve it son of a big [ __ ]
one point
1.1
we have had a lot a bottle take care of yourself
brutal brutalism we did okay we see the
comments a little  this what is this this is how I
am like this okay okay I have the volume at
maximum
the sound of the mobile is from below right you
crash
[Music]
all the times and young to the [ __ ] like
you deserved it from the guarantee
a point 1 1
[Music]
a
message is incredible is the message and it is
the [ __ ] master
supports it the audio and we have listened to it
in a little more context and with a
little more duration or a little more
in family I hope you liked
this video
leave your opinion as always the
comment box with respect both
between a cb as to the
protagonists to the youtubers to the
demanding ones we talk about in the
video okay family see you in the
next video very soon a
huge hug
[Music]